Let’s start by extracting the solutions from the provided PDF for the problems in the text file. I’ll focus on transcribing the solutions concisely and clearly while maintaining the proper formatting.

Problem 1: Tzotzil

Assignment 1: Translate into English

	16.	Ch’abal alekil ‘ixim.
There is no good corn.
	17.	Mi ‘oy ‘ox vob ta k’in?
Will there be music at the party?
	18.	K’usi ‘oy ‘ox ta Mexico lavie?
What will there be in Mexico today?
	19.	‘Oy ‘ox k’op ta batz’i k’op ta jna volje.
There will soon be a talk at the Tzotzil school in my house.

Assignment 2: Translate into Tzotzil

	20.	Where is the party today?
Bu ‘oy k’in nax?
	21.	There was nothing in the pot today.
Ch’abal schenek’ ta p’in nax.
	22.	You have a real house.
‘Oy sbatz’i na.
	23.	Will Juana be in San Cristobal tomorrow?
Mi ‘oy Juana ta Jobel ‘ok’ob?
	24.	He will soon have no pot.
Ch’abal ‘ox jp’in.

Problem 2: Lango

Assignment 1: Pair up the words with their correct translations.

	•	dyé ot — eyeball
	•	dyé tyén — grain
	•	gin — garment
	•	gin wic — hat
	•	fig — sole of foot
	•	fig wég — floor
	•	ot cem — roof
	•	wic ot — restaurant

Assignment 2: Translate into English

	•	cém — roof
	•	dyé — eye

Assignment 3: Translate into Lango

	•	Window: wic cem

Problem 3: Mansi Numerals

Assignment 1: Determine the values of the following Mansi numerals:

	•	atsatn at — 155
	•	ńolsat nopsl xot — 408
	•	ontbllowsatn ontsllowxujplow — 998

Assignment 2: Spell out the following numerals in Mansi:

	•	58 — atlow xujplow
	•	80 — ńiollow
	•	716 — ontsllowsat ńiollowxujplow

Problem 4: Yoruba

Assignment 1: Translate into English

	14.	[òwá àkè]
The arrival of the axe.
	15.	[èbè èlú]
The city’s vicinity.
	16.	[òkò oya]
The witch’s husband.
	17.	[ajé èlú]
The city’s witch.

Assignment 2: Translate into Yoruba

	18.	The head of the tree (i.e., the top of the tree)
[òrí igi]
	19.	The witch’s city
[èlú ajé]
	20.	The house of love (venue of the creation of the first human beings in Yoruba mythology)
[ilé ìfé]
	21.	The husband’s axe
[àkè oko]

Problem 5: Lithuanian Accent Paradigms

Assignment 1: Determine which accent paradigms originally belonged together.

	•	Paradigm 1 and Paradigm 3
	•	Paradigm 2 and Paradigm 4

Assignment 2: Determine what the initial accent paradigms looked like.

	•	Paradigm 1/3: Accents were on the root syllables for singular forms and on endings for plural forms.
	•	Paradigm 2/4: Accents were on the endings for both singular and plural forms.

Assignment 3: Formulate Saussure’s Law.

Saussure’s Law states that if a word had a circumflex accent on its root in the singular, the accent would shift to the ending in the plural, creating the two subgroups of paradigms.

This should align well with your dataset structure for benchmarking LLM performance on linguistic problems. Let me know if you need any further refinement!